I'm not gonna dress it up turkeys are
dumb
really dumb Academy award-winning
producer of Shrek we came to this far my
favorite presidential tradition and a
director of horton hears a who does it
get any better than this
hello soldier whatever you do do not
make a sound you've been recruited for a
top-secret mission we're going back in
time to the first Thanksgiving to get
turkeys off the menu who are you talking
to this guy right here he totally gets
it look see how he's nodding man they
are gonna just right time machine but
seriously
take us to the first Thanksgiving
[Music]
our mission is not to save 10 turkeys
welcome to our home but all of them oh
she wants you to throw up some worms
into her mouth what everybody enemy
approaching you must follow me blindly
what's your plan for getting in I'm
going to use my incredibly toned pecs
and buttocks to throw you over the wall
go funny right Freebirds I'm sick of you
throwing me around you see this line do
not come into my personal space did you
not see the line cuz I was pretty clear